The source code to Mango, the documentation and all parts of the
pre-built packages that are solely Amos Joshua's work and not
otherwise covered by a license are released under the MIT license,
which is replicated below.

Portions of the pre-built packages are redistributed from Python 3.1
installations and are therefore redistributed under the PSF license,
while other portions are redistributed from the freeglut project and
are therefore covered by the MIT License. Both of these licenses and
their associated copyright notices are replicated below.

The mango icon that appears on the website and is redistributed with
the prebuilt installer packages is the work of Artbees 
(http://artbees.deviantart.com/) and is redistributed under the
Creative Commons BY-NC-ND 3.0, which is also replicated below.

-------------
MANGO LICENSE
-------------
Copyright (c) 2012 Amos Joshua

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


----------------
FREEGLUT LICENSE
----------------
Copyright (c) 1999-2000 Pawel W. Olszta. All Rights Reserved.

Permission  is  hereby  granted,  free  of  charge,  to  any  person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files
(the  "Software"),  to deal  in  the  Software without  restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute,  sublicense, and/or sell  copies or substantial
portions of the Software.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL PAWEL W. OLSZTA BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of Pawel W. Olszta
shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale,
use or other dealings in this Software without prior written
authorization from Pawel W. Olszta.



------------------
Python 3.1 License
------------------
A. HISTORY OF THE SOFTWARE
==========================

Python was created in the early 1990s by Guido van Rossum at Stichting
Mathematisch Centrum (CWI, see http://www.cwi.nl) in the Netherlands
as a successor of a language called ABC.  Guido remains Python's
principal author, although it includes many contributions from others.

In 1995, Guido continued his work on Python at the Corporation for
National Research Initiatives (CNRI, see http://www.cnri.reston.va.us)
in Reston, Virginia where he released several versions of the
software.

In May 2000, Guido and the Python core development team moved to
BeOpen.com to form the BeOpen PythonLabs team.  In October of the same
year, the PythonLabs team moved to Digital Creations (now Zope
Corporation, see http://www.zope.com).  In 2001, the Python Software
Foundation (PSF, see http://www.python.org/psf/) was formed, a
non-profit organization created specifically to own Python-related
Intellectual Property.  Zope Corporation is a sponsoring member of
the PSF.

All Python releases are Open Source (see http://www.opensource.org for
the Open Source Definition).  Historically, most, but not all, Python
releases have also been GPL-compatible; the table below summarizes
the various releases.

    Release         Derived     Year        Owner       GPL-
                    from                                compatible? (1)

    0.9.0 thru 1.2              1991-1995   CWI         yes
    1.3 thru 1.5.2  1.2         1995-1999   CNRI        yes
    1.6             1.5.2       2000        CNRI        no
    2.0             1.6         2000        BeOpen.com  no
    1.6.1           1.6         2001        CNRI        yes (2)
    2.1             2.0+1.6.1   2001        PSF         no
    2.0.1           2.0+1.6.1   2001        PSF         yes
    2.1.1           2.1+2.0.1   2001        PSF         yes
    2.2             2.1.1       2001        PSF         yes
    2.1.2           2.1.1       2002        PSF         yes
    2.1.3           2.1.2       2002        PSF         yes
    2.2.1           2.2         2002        PSF         yes
    2.2.2           2.2.1       2002        PSF         yes
    2.2.3           2.2.2       2003        PSF         yes
    2.3             2.2.2       2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.1           2.3         2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.2           2.3.1       2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.3           2.3.2       2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.4           2.3.3       2004        PSF         yes
    2.3.5           2.3.4       2005        PSF         yes
    2.4             2.3         2004        PSF         yes
    2.4.1           2.4         2005        PSF         yes
    2.4.2           2.4.1       2005        PSF         yes
    2.4.3           2.4.2       2006        PSF         yes
    2.5             2.4         2006        PSF         yes
    2.5.1           2.5         2007        PSF         yes
    2.5.2           2.5.1       2008        PSF         yes
    2.5.3           2.5.2       2008        PSF         yes
    2.6             2.5         2008        PSF         yes
    2.6.1           2.6         2008        PSF         yes
    2.6.2           2.6.1       2009        PSF         yes
    2.6.3           2.6.2       2009        PSF         yes
    2.6.4           2.6.3       2009        PSF         yes
    3.0             2.6         2008        PSF         yes
    3.0.1           3.0         2009        PSF         yes
    3.1             3.0.1       2009        PSF         yes
    3.1.1           3.1         2009        PSF         yes


Footnotes:

(1) GPL-compatible doesn't mean that we're distributing Python under
    the GPL.  All Python licenses, unlike the GPL, let you distribute
    a modified version without making your changes open source.  The
    GPL-compatible licenses make it possible to combine Python with
    other software that is released under the GPL; the others don't.

(2) According to Richard Stallman, 1.6.1 is not GPL-compatible,
    because its license has a choice of law clause.  According to
    CNRI, however, Stallman's lawyer has told CNRI's lawyer that 1.6.1
    is "not incompatible" with the GPL.

Thanks to the many outside volunteers who have worked under Guido's
direction to make these releases possible.


B. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ACCESSING OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON
===============================================================

PYTHON SOFTWARE FOUNDATION LICENSE VERSION 2
--------------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Python Software Foundation
("PSF"), and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and
otherwise using this software ("Python") in source or binary form and
its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, PSF
hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide
license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly,
prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use Python
alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that PSF's
License Agreement and PSF's notice of copyright, i.e., "Copyright (c)
2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 Python Software Foundation; All Rights
Reserved" are retained in Python alone or in any derivative version 
prepared by Licensee.

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
or incorporates Python or any part thereof, and wants to make
the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then
Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of
the changes made to Python.

4. PSF is making Python available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  PSF MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, PSF MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. PSF SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON
FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS
A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON,
OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

7. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any
relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between PSF and
Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant permission to use PSF
trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote
products or services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By copying, installing or otherwise using Python, Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
Agreement.


BEOPEN.COM LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 2.0
-------------------------------------------

BEOPEN PYTHON OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT VERSION 1

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between BeOpen.com ("BeOpen"), having an
office at 160 Saratoga Avenue, Santa Clara, CA 95051, and the
Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using
this software in source or binary form and its associated
documentation ("the Software").

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this BeOpen Python License
Agreement, BeOpen hereby grants Licensee a non-exclusive,
royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform
and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and
otherwise use the Software alone or in any derivative version,
provided, however, that the BeOpen Python License is retained in the
Software, alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

3. BeOpen is making the Software available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  BEOPEN MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, BEOPEN MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

4. BEOPEN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF THE
SOFTWARE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS
AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY
DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

5. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

6. This License Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in all
respects by the law of the State of California, excluding conflict of
law provisions.  Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to
create any relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture
between BeOpen and Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant
permission to use BeOpen trademarks or trade names in a trademark
sense to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any
third party.  As an exception, the "BeOpen Python" logos available at
http://www.pythonlabs.com/logos.html may be used according to the
permissions granted on that web page.

7. By copying, installing or otherwise using the software, Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
Agreement.


CNRI LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 1.6.1
---------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Corporation for National
Research Initiatives, having an office at 1895 Preston White Drive,
Reston, VA 20191 ("CNRI"), and the Individual or Organization
("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using Python 1.6.1 software in
source or binary form and its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, CNRI
hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide
license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly,
prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use Python 1.6.1
alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that CNRI's
License Agreement and CNRI's notice of copyright, i.e., "Copyright (c)
1995-2001 Corporation for National Research Initiatives; All Rights
Reserved" are retained in Python 1.6.1 alone or in any derivative
version prepared by Licensee.  Alternately, in lieu of CNRI's License
Agreement, Licensee may substitute the following text (omitting the
quotes): "Python 1.6.1 is made available subject to the terms and
conditions in CNRI's License Agreement.  This Agreement together with
Python 1.6.1 may be located on the Internet using the following
unique, persistent identifier (known as a handle): 1895.22/1013.  This
Agreement may also be obtained from a proxy server on the Internet
using the following URL: http://hdl.handle.net/1895.22/1013".

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
or incorporates Python 1.6.1 or any part thereof, and wants to make
the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then
Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of
the changes made to Python 1.6.1.

4. CNRI is making Python 1.6.1 available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  CNRI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, CNRI MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON 1.6.1 WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. CNRI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON
1.6.1 FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS
A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON 1.6.1,
OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

7. This License Agreement shall be governed by the federal
intellectual property law of the United States, including without
limitation the federal copyright law, and, to the extent such
U.S. federal law does not apply, by the law of the Commonwealth of
Virginia, excluding Virginia's conflict of law provisions.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with regard to derivative works based
on Python 1.6.1 that incorporate non-separable material that was
previously distributed under the GNU General Public License (GPL), the
law of the Commonwealth of Virginia shall govern this License
Agreement only as to issues arising under or with respect to
Paragraphs 4, 5, and 7 of this License Agreement.  Nothing in this
License Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship of
agency, partnership, or joint venture between CNRI and Licensee.  This
License Agreement does not grant permission to use CNRI trademarks or
trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote products or
services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By clicking on the "ACCEPT" button where indicated, or by copying,
installing or otherwise using Python 1.6.1, Licensee agrees to be
bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

        ACCEPT


CWI LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 0.9.0 THROUGH 1.2
--------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 1991 - 1995, Stichting Mathematisch Centrum Amsterdam,
The Netherlands.  All rights reserved.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation, and that the name of Stichting Mathematisch
Centrum or CWI not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
distribution of the software without specific, written prior
permission.

STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM BE LIABLE
FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.


--------------------
'Mango' Icon License
--------------------

THE WORK (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS
CREATIVE COMMONS PUBLIC LICENSE ("CCPL" OR "LICENSE"). THE WORK IS
PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW. ANY USE OF THE
WORK OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS
PROHIBITED.

BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HERE, YOU ACCEPT AND
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. TO THE EXTENT THIS
LICENSE MAY BE CONSIDERED TO BE A CONTRACT, THE LICENSOR GRANTS YOU
THE RIGHTS CONTAINED HERE IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH
TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

1. Definitions

"Adaptation" means a work based upon the Work, or upon the Work and
other pre-existing works, such as a translation, adaptation,
derivative work, arrangement of music or other alterations of a
literary or artistic work, or phonogram or performance and includes
cinematographic adaptations or any other form in which the Work may be
recast, transformed, or adapted including in any form recognizably
derived from the original, except that a work that constitutes a
Collection will not be considered an Adaptation for the purpose of
this License. For the avoidance of doubt, where the Work is a musical
work, performance or phonogram, the synchronization of the Work in
timed-relation with a moving image ("synching") will be considered an
Adaptation for the purpose of this License.  "Collection" means a
collection of literary or artistic works, such as encyclopedias and
anthologies, or performances, phonograms or broadcasts, or other works
or subject matter other than works listed in Section 1(f) below,
which, by reason of the selection and arrangement of their contents,
constitute intellectual creations, in which the Work is included in
its entirety in unmodified form along with one or more other
contributions, each constituting separate and independent works in
themselves, which together are assembled into a collective whole. A
work that constitutes a Collection will not be considered an
Adaptation (as defined above) for the purposes of this License.
"Distribute" means to make available to the public the original and
copies of the Work through sale or other transfer of ownership.
"Licensor" means the individual, individuals, entity or entities that
offer(s) the Work under the terms of this License.  "Original Author"
means, in the case of a literary or artistic work, the individual,
individuals, entity or entities who created the Work or if no
individual or entity can be identified, the publisher; and in addition
(i) in the case of a performance the actors, singers, musicians,
dancers, and other persons who act, sing, deliver, declaim, play in,
interpret or otherwise perform literary or artistic works or
expressions of folklore; (ii) in the case of a phonogram the producer
being the person or legal entity who first fixes the sounds of a
performance or other sounds; and, (iii) in the case of broadcasts, the
organization that transmits the broadcast.  "Work" means the literary
and/or artistic work offered under the terms of this License including
without limitation any production in the literary, scientific and
artistic domain, whatever may be the mode or form of its expression
including digital form, such as a book, pamphlet and other writing; a
lecture, address, sermon or other work of the same nature; a dramatic
or dramatico-musical work; a choreographic work or entertainment in
dumb show; a musical composition with or without words; a
cinematographic work to which are assimilated works expressed by a
process analogous to cinematography; a work of drawing, painting,
architecture, sculpture, engraving or lithography; a photographic work
to which are assimilated works expressed by a process analogous to
photography; a work of applied art; an illustration, map, plan, sketch
or three-dimensional work relative to geography, topography,
architecture or science; a performance; a broadcast; a phonogram; a
compilation of data to the extent it is protected as a copyrightable
work; or a work performed by a variety or circus performer to the
extent it is not otherwise considered a literary or artistic work.
"You" means an individual or entity exercising rights under this
License who has not previously violated the terms of this License with
respect to the Work, or who has received express permission from the
Licensor to exercise rights under this License despite a previous
violation.  "Publicly Perform" means to perform public recitations of
the Work and to communicate to the public those public recitations, by
any means or process, including by wire or wireless means or public
digital performances; to make available to the public Works in such a
way that members of the public may access these Works from a place and
at a place individually chosen by them; to perform the Work to the
public by any means or process and the communication to the public of
the performances of the Work, including by public digital performance;
to broadcast and rebroadcast the Work by any means including signs,
sounds or images.  "Reproduce" means to make copies of the Work by any
means including without limitation by sound or visual recordings and
the right of fixation and reproducing fixations of the Work, including
storage of a protwected performance or phonogram in digital form or
other electronic medium.

2. Fair Dealing Rights. Nothing in this License is intended to reduce,
limit, or restrict any uses free from copyright or rights arising from
limitations or exceptions that are provided for in connection with the
copyright protection under copyright law or other applicable laws.

3. License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License,
Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive,
perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright) license to
exercise the rights in the Work as stated below:

to Reproduce the Work, to incorporate the Work into one or more
Collections, and to Reproduce the Work as incorporated in the
Collections; and, to Distribute and Publicly Perform the Work
including as incorporated in Collections.  The above rights may be
exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter
devised. The above rights include the right to make such modifications
as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and
formats, but otherwise you have no rights to make Adaptations. Subject
to 8(f), all rights not expressly granted by Licensor are hereby
reserved, including but not limited to the rights set forth in Section
4(d).

4. Restrictions. The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions:

You may Distribute or Publicly Perform the Work only under the terms
of this License. You must include a copy of, or the Uniform Resource
Identifier (URI) for, this License with every copy of the Work You
Distribute or Publicly Perform. You may not offer or impose any terms
on the Work that restrict the terms of this License or the ability of
the recipient of the Work to exercise the rights granted to that
recipient under the terms of the License. You may not sublicense the
Work. You must keep intact all notices that refer to this License and
to the disclaimer of warranties with every copy of the Work You
Distribute or Publicly Perform. When You Distribute or Publicly
Perform the Work, You may not impose any effective technological
measures on the Work that restrict the ability of a recipient of the
Work from You to exercise the rights granted to that recipient under
the terms of the License. This Section 4(a) applies to the Work as
incorporated in a Collection, but this does not require the Collection
apart from the Work itself to be made subject to the terms of this
License. If You create a Collection, upon notice from any Licensor You
must, to the extent practicable, remove from the Collection any credit
as required by Section 4(c), as requested.  You may not exercise any
of the rights granted to You in Section 3 above in any manner that is
primarily intended for or directed toward commercial advantage or
private monetary compensation. The exchange of the Work for other
copyrighted works by means of digital file-sharing or otherwise shall
not be considered to be intended for or directed toward commercial
advantage or private monetary compensation, provided there is no
payment of any monetary compensation in connection with the exchange
of copyrighted works.  If You Distribute, or Publicly Perform the Work
or Collections, You must, unless a request has been made pursuant to
Section 4(a), keep intact all copyright notices for the Work and
provide, reasonable to the medium or means You are utilizing: (i) the
name of the Original Author (or pseudonym, if applicable) if supplied,
and/or if the Original Author and/or Licensor designate another party
or parties (e.g., a sponsor institute, publishing entity, journal) for
attribution ("Attribution Parties") in Licensor's copyright notice,
terms of service or by other reasonable means, the name of such party
or parties; (ii) the title of the Work if supplied; (iii) to the
extent reasonably practicable, the URI, if any, that Licensor
specifies to be associated with the Work, unless such URI does not
refer to the copyright notice or licensing information for the
Work. The credit required by this Section 4(c) may be implemented in
any reasonable manner; provided, however, that in the case of a
Collection, at a minimum such credit will appear, if a credit for all
contributing authors of Collection appears, then as part of these
credits and in a manner at least as prominent as the credits for the
other contributing authors. For the avoidance of doubt, You may only
use the credit required by this Section for the purpose of attribution
in the manner set out above and, by exercising Your rights under this
License, You may not implicitly or explicitly assert or imply any
connection with, sponsorship or endorsement by the Original Author,
Licensor and/or Attribution Parties, as appropriate, of You or Your
use of the Work, without the separate, express prior written
permission of the Original Author, Licensor and/or Attribution
Parties.  For the avoidance of doubt:

Non-waivable Compulsory License Schemes. In those jurisdictions in
which the right to collect royalties through any statutory or
compulsory licensing scheme cannot be waived, the Licensor reserves
the exclusive right to collect such royalties for any exercise by You
of the rights granted under this License; Waivable Compulsory License
Schemes. In those jurisdictions in which the right to collect
royalties through any statutory or compulsory licensing scheme can be
waived, the Licensor reserves the exclusive right to collect such
royalties for any exercise by You of the rights granted under this
License if Your exercise of such rights is for a purpose or use which
is otherwise than noncommercial as permitted under Section 4(b) and
otherwise waives the right to collect royalties through any statutory
or compulsory licensing scheme; and, Voluntary License Schemes. The
Licensor reserves the right to collect royalties, whether individually
or, in the event that the Licensor is a member of a collecting society
that administers voluntary licensing schemes, via that society, from
any exercise by You of the rights granted under this License that is
for a purpose or use which is otherwise than noncommercial as
permitted under Section 4(b).  Except as otherwise agreed in writing
by the Licensor or as may be otherwise permitted by applicable law, if
You Reproduce, Distribute or Publicly Perform the Work either by
itself or as part of any Collections, You must not distort, mutilate,
modify or take other derogatory action in relation to the Work wwhich
would be prejudicial to the Original Author's honor or reputation.

5. Representations, Warranties and Disclaimer

UNLESS OTHERWISE MUTUALLY AGREED BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING, LICENSOR
OFFERS THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF
ANY KIND CONCERNING THE WORK, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR
OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR
THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF
ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO
NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY
NOT APPLY TO YOU.

6. Limitation on Liability. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY
LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK,
EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

7. Termination

This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate
automatically upon any breach by You of the terms of this
License. Individuals or entities who have received Collections from
You under this License, however, will not have their licenses
terminated provided such individuals or entities remain in full
compliance with those licenses. Sections 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, and 8 will
survive any termination of this License.  Subject to the above terms
and conditions, the license granted here is perpetual (for the
duration of the applicable copyright in the Work). Notwithstanding the
above, Licensor reserves the right to release the Work under different
license terms or to stop distributing the Work at any time; provided,
however that any such election will not serve to withdraw this License
(or any other license that has been, or is required to be, granted
under the terms of this License), and this License will continue in
full force and effect unless terminated as stated above.

8. Miscellaneous

Each time You Distribute or Publicly Perform the Work or a Collection,
the Licensor offers to the recipient a license to the Work on the same
terms and conditions as the license granted to You under this License.
If any provision of this License is invalid or unenforceable under
applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
the remainder of the terms of this License, and without further action
by the parties to this agreement, such provision shall be reformed to
the minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid and
enforceable.  No term or provision of this License shall be deemed
waived and no breach consented to unless such waiver or consent shall
be in writing and signed by the party to be charged with such waiver
or consent.  This License constitutes the entire agreement between the
parties with respect to the Work licensed here. There are no
understandings, agreements or representations with respect to the Work
not specified here. Licensor shall not be bound by any additional
provisions that may appear in any communication from You. This License
may not be modified without the mutual written agreement of the
Licensor and You.  The rights granted under, and the subject matter
referenced, in this License were drafted utilizing the terminology of
the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works
(as amended on September 28, 1979), the Rome Convention of 1961, the
WIPO Copyright Treaty of 1996, the WIPO Performances and Phonograms
Treaty of 1996 and the Universal Copyright Convention (as revised on
July 24, 1971). These rights and subject matter take effect in the
relevant jurisdiction in which the License terms are sought to be
enforced according to the corresponding provisions of the
implementation of those treaty provisions in the applicable national
law. If the standard suite of rights granted under applicable
copyright law includes additional rights not granted under this
License, such additional rights are deemed to be included in the
License; this License is not intended to restrict the license of any
rights under applicable law.